Document automaticUserConsentSettings in XTAP (#18162)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/crosstenantaccesspolicyconfigurationpartner-update.md

| b2bDirectConnectInbound | [crossTenantAccessPolicyB2BSetting](../resources/crosstenantaccesspolicyb2bsetting.md) | Defines your partner-specific configuration for users from other organizations accessing your resources via Azure AD B2B direct connect. |
| b2bDirectConnectOutbound | [crossTenantAccessPolicyB2BSetting](../resources/crosstenantaccesspolicyb2bsetting.md) | Defines your partner-specific configuration for users in your organization going outbound to access resources in another organization via Azure AD B2B direct connect. |
| inboundTrust | [crossTenantAccessPolicyInboundTrust](../resources/crosstenantaccesspolicyinboundtrust.md) | Determines the partner-specific configuration for trusting other Conditional Access claims from external Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) organizations. |

> | automaticUserConsentSettings | [inboundOutboundPolicyConfiguration](../resources/inboundoutboundpolicyconfiguration.md) | Determines the partner-specific configuration for automatic user consent settings. |

Reviewer: Move to top of table

Author: Fixed.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

> ### Example 1: Configure inbound trust settings to accept MFA, compliant, and Hybrid Azure AD Joined devices from a partner organization
> 

Reviewer: I suggest shortening the title and instead adding a description to give context for the example that follows.
```suggestion
### Example 1: Configure inbound trust settings

The following example configures the partner-specific policy by setting the inbound trust settings to accept MFA, compliant, and Hybrid Azure AD Joined devices from the partner tenant.

```

}
```

#### Response

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
}
-->

``` http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ### Example 2: Configure automaticUserConsent settings to consent for B2B collaboration on behalf of your users and accept admin consent for another partner tenant's users
> 

Reviewer: Same suggestion as previous
```suggestion
### Example 2: Configure automaticUserConsent settings 

The following example configures the partner-specific policy by consenting for B2B collaboration on behalf of your users and accepting admin consent for the partner's users.

```
